Generic Security Warnings parsing json (#1566)
ICTU/quality-time: docs/GENERIC_REPORTS.md

# Generic Security Warnings*

> In some cases, there are security vulnerabilities not found by automated tools. Quality Time has the ability to parse JSON files into reports for generic security warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, there are security vulnerabilities not found by automated tools. Quality-time has the ability to parse security warnings from JSON files with a simple generic format.

The JSON format consists of an object with one key `vulnerabilities`. The value should be a list of, you guess it, vulnerabilities. Each vulnerability is an object with three keys: `title`, `description`, and `severity`. The severity can be `low`, `medium`, or `high`.
```

## Example Generic Report

generic.json

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```
